Rewrite developer section (#942)
openhab/openhab-docs: administration/logging.md

log4j2.appender.ZWave.strategy.type = DefaultRolloverStrategy
log4j2.appender.ZWave.strategy.max = 10
```

## Logback Configuration File

> In order to define custom log patterns, log to network sockets and so on we can prepare a logging configuration file.

Author: we are using the log4j2 facade and can use whatever logging implementation. I just reintegrated sections from ESH here, they might indeed not be up to date. This PR is also not about "administration", so if someone would block the PR because of file changes here, I'd rather remove those changes.

	<logger name="javax.jmdns.impl" level="OFF"/>
	<logger name="javax.jmdns.impl.constants" level="OFF"/>
	<logger name="tuwien.auto.calimero" level="WARN" />

	<!-- The root logger is at the top of the logger hierarchy. 
			All loggers inherit its level, if there are no ancestors 
			between the root and the logger --> 
	<root level="INFO">
		<appender-ref ref="FILE" />
		<appender-ref ref="STDOUT" />
	</root>

	<logger name="OSGi" level="OFF" />
	
</configuration>

```

If you are not aware of [appenders](http://logback.qos.ch/manual/appenders.html) and [logger elements](http://logback.qos.ch/manual/configuration.html#loggerElement), you might want to take a look at the links to the the logback documentation.

You can pass the start argument `-Dlogback.configurationFile` to use your own logging configuration file.

### Setting up the Log Level

As you can see from the example configuration file above, the level for jUPnP is set to ERROR. If you develop a binding that is using jUPnP, you might want to see more logs on your console. You can simply change the log level to TRACE or DEBUG:

```xml
<logger name="org.jupnp" level="TRACE"/>
```

### Changing the Pattern of an Appender

> Another useful option is to change the pattern of an appender. This pattern defines what information will be logged. The logback logger provides many [predefined conversation words](http://logback.qos.ch/manual/layouts.html#conversionWord) for the most common use cases. Use the most appropriate ones for your specific case. For the purpose of exploring and debugging multi threaded applications you might need to see which thread has generated certain log event. In order to see this in the logs, you have to add the conversion word `t` to the pattern above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another useful option is to change the pattern of an appender.
This pattern defines what information will be logged.
The logback logger provides many [predefined conversion words](http://logback.qos.ch/manual/layouts.html#conversionWord) for the most common use cases.
Use the most appropriate ones for your specific case.
For the purpose of exploring and debugging multithreaded applications you might need to see which thread has generated certain log event.
In order to see this in the logs, you have to add the conversion word `t` to the pattern above:
```
